oh we didn't we didn't do anything yet
hang on it's a bit loud that better what
what do you keep pressing not anything
I'm just Ming doing I'm just
moving hello everyone uh welcome back to
cuphead it's what the YouTube are you
doing trying you going to let me
intro I am okay all right I'm taking
your controller he's taking my
controller I've got his controller
welcome back to cup Ed KAG it's been two
YouTube years since we played this you
might remember the description for that
video was see you in 2023 well here we
are we kept our promise oh wait we
didn't do the voice we have to leave no
okay well Ching on me just like all the
others you for backing out the deal have
at you I don't think that was his voice
mama I don't how do I shoot uh how do
you jump
that's we probably should not be warming
up with this boss we have a lot more
Health than I
remember how do I slap um you got to
press a in the air I think oh okay all
right Daniel this is going to be painful
how you clip through the walls speed I
got you I got you I got you and that's
how you get past that stage because you
want the immunity frames of being
dead see get me get me get YouTube
overwhelmed you're dodged up dick D dodg
the music's changing that's got to be
good yeah there we go we got to the next
face okay he hurt me how do I go how do
I go so this is the easy
part I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead okay all
right that's unfortunate what do you
mean that's unfortunate why didn't you
save me I'm trying see this is what I'm
talking about why did I just die cuz you
jumped off the map God YouTube have a
YouTube game God YouTube damn it you
can't you can't swear as much on YouTube
anymore Stuart well cut it out then they
changed their policies you're not
allowed YouTube slap me I'm trying to do
it I'm doing the best YouTube see ah
save me I was dead God damn it Daniel I
was
[Music]
dead I'll see you all in 2025 folks see
you all in 2025 YouTube IG Ral mods B B
him said I'm struggling I am not ban him
you can't ban someone from on the stream
get him out of
here okay uh that orange drank says I
can't escape the truth B that man I'll
show him how I escape ban everyone no
mods mods do not ban half of chat listen
to me listen to me ban them randomly do
it by subscribe mon oldest
first have you been a loyal fan of the
channel for years that's a real shame
that's enough fence there little toes I
know you can't cuz you have to PR yeah
i' I've got a lot on my mind right now
but he does move his toes a lot I think
you got it now don't worry I got to get
I sorry I got to get the I didn't
realize I thought I had to get the bomb
or it would kill me anyway so I ran
closer to the bomb kill the devil kill
the devil kill the devil let's keep
going the devil is evil the devil is
evil no you got to stand out of the way
I didn't realize that he hurt you when
he did that fell down in the hole get
him in the
eyeball put him in the ey
eyeball my God I'm doing another face I
can't believe I was actually doing
really well we were doing great there we
go okay that out of the way okay okay so
then stand the hole stand the hole just
stay alive a
while stay alive all do not just
instantly die how do I aim uh hold right
bum get me don't just you off the Ed get
me oh my God right bumper H oh I can't
get you if you get hurt right now just
keep going just keep
going I'm dead I'm dead I I can't get
you oh oh oh next stage next stage I'm
gaming this is real Arty game material
YouTube this one's for this one's
no God I was doing so well I almost got
so close I'm going to I'm going to get
the the Devils at the side cuz they're
giving you a lot of trouble damn it I
got hit they're not giving me a lot of
trouble those on are fine it's this ah
YouTube as I was saying YouTube shut up
never talk to me
again I'm dead again I can't no you're
not I'm dead again YouTube thanks to
can't save every
time like you got a chip on your
shoulder get him with this why are you
styling on him with the boomerangs just
play the YouTube
game slap the bomb Oh d
what no the legend didn't see it just
suck we knew that was going to happen uh
we got to get the side guys H I'm
dead don't worry don't worry this just
focuses you in my death for a good game
oh my God there's so much YouTube you
could do it this is a certified gamer
Mo
no he's right at the end is that what
you kids call the
L shut
up we both YouTu we jump when he does
the clap just just retry it we jumped
when he did the clap when we should be
like waiting till we see the hands at
the edge of the screen and then jump and
then do ah this bit this bit that always
gets you be
careful be
careful be careful be careful you took
like three damage from yeah I took them
from you no you didn't took them for you
I'm popping this okay quickly Daniel
quickly Daniel where am I no I lost
you I lost you okay I'm on full health
okay this is a r just got I just got to
keep just hit retry no look man it's
over I know that you've never made it
this far with this much before but like
it's over St it please y you heard a
positive uh affirmation garbage garbage
from
just
terrible oh my God how do I get him yeah
this is done it's right at the
[Music]
edge got so
no I told
you I told you this run was done God
damn it watch
out Daniel need you to focus the old big
ax is coming just be careful just be
careful there's another axe
dud I can't save you I can't save you
Daniel need you to focus in I'm I'm
don't worry I will with your ability and
my coaching we can maybe get a little
further you didn't coach me there you
didn't coach me there yeah I know it's
cuz I was commenting on the strategy
okay just St it yeah that's a good good
call Daniel good okay now shoot the eyes
we learned this last time from the other
trial run trial two now we can shoot the
eyes I can't I'm just taging it I'm just
taging it yes we did it me and you oh
God the two of us oh it took four years
four years it took four years we learned
a lot and what's our grade I'll take a b
b that's a brand new record a brand new
record well look at us what what voices
do we have for this was it like but is a
Triumph of the demon forcing him to
finally give
up we shall accept your surrender devil
come
laugh but we're not done just yet cup
started smoking since we were last
placeing and with that cup mukb man
destroyed all the soul contracts
releasing Inkwell Isles residence from
Eternal servitude to the devil gosh I
can't wait to tell everybody CAD said
the boy set off for home at top speed
what should I do for this guy well I
mean I I feel I think I I might have
been mugman I feel like one of them was
the like the Mickey Mouse Bo come on
last one there's a leaky cup once home
the brothers gathered everyone together
you're all free of the devil's debt
about announced and that fiend won't
bother us again the alado was literally
briming with pride as everyone began to
cheer oh this this is this is everyone
this is everyone
[Applause]
let's take take off YouTube stuck as an
holiday celebration began the brothers
promised to never wander in trouble
again and they didn't until the next
time of course but that is another story
that we do right the you now yeah cuz so
it's we've taken so long the DLC for
this game came out did everyone in voice
chat to say hip hip for the F say hip
[Music]
hip like you're just having a stroke
like like granddad's having a moment
like know like he's he's doing his best
no he fell down he's trying to tell you
he's trying to tell you I'm wrong my
my wa wait wait wait hang on wait nobody
tell they beat with Genie's wishes on
time Street what okay what what was that
what's a Genie's wish I I I haven't
played this game in 2 years it doubled
our hell out we did it no we didn't
actually do it I contributed a lot we
didn't actually do it no we cheated we
got we got YouTube
Luigi so do we have to do it again we
got Luigi it's like when you die five
times times it's like Luigi can complete
this level for you and so you don't play
the game we got Luigi I can't believe
this this really dampens your cheating
Behavior I I didn't know look man you
cheated I played the game honestly and I
didn't know what it meant okay that's on
you why did that turn on why did we get
Luigi May with unity you don't want to
say that anymore these
days oh no DLC was in the menu was it
okay wait
no what how are you doing that know how
are
you no we got to turn it off I'm not I'm
not being Luigi again I'm not being
Luigi there's we have there's a message
for us look interesting no don't
you don't do it don't do it the
delicious
last finally get the playus I've I've
like been looking forward to this for
like a year
okay that's great [__] legendary ch's
been looking for all the way out here
gosh cuphead I don't know I hope she's
okay we sure are far from home voice AC
get this man on your project JN B jelly
beans you boys made it I have the most
amazing
news and all has to do with this here
cookie take a bite and see for
yourselves oh it worked it really worked
I'm alive again now I'm
ghost mugman's dead what's going on here
everything's gone tox my YouTube lines
he the YouTube you know who the YouTube
like they're talking in that pict was
speaking no he wasn't mugman just said
I'm a what's going on here you little
[__] everything's got Topsy tury for
ages I've been trying to find a way to
escape the astral plane but nothing
worked until now boys let me introduce
you to Chef salt Baker the greatest Chef
in all the lands and well welcome my
friends and welcome to my bakery Mr Char
I see my cookie work a Wonder on you oh
my stars oh Myck thing that cookie The
Taste is sweet FR not my concern little
cups I've come up with an amazing new
recipe oh look at that one B this one
time you have a complete control over
the as pain go the Cup's really out of
his death well if the Wonder T is what
it takes to bring chice back to life to
buy go we'll find those ingredients even
if it Chang is the fabric of our souls
where does this lead the king's lead
what's this that's this guy hello kill
him you friend me kill him H ye cops i b
the welcome to my floating polish like
Billy Connelly but he's got a sore
throat today I am the one through king
the king of games from afar I have seen
you battle with Zeal and and a plum and
lo I grant thee a place in my Royal
tney in these boots your weapons and
charms sh be of use oh he's getting
angrier from victories riches know into
the free with
haste uh sure thing wait we're just
fighting no we can't use our
guns oh God you got to slap their funky
little heads get them oh we still we're
still
Luigi yeah Daniel you're really YouTube
what
up let me I tried you're really we
almost did it we almost did it yeah yeah
yeah we almost did it hang on they just
keep attacking yeah they really do you
got one left there we go we did
it oh look we we there they go they
ghosts they're safe now they're dead
they're really happy to be defeated you
dispatch that champion in so few rounds
Brave cops furthermore I permit thee
special entry to the next
match do we want to do this
or
uh just leave oh wait God who are we
fighting these guys there's an entire
gang oh it's like these little like
green farts I'm I'm just dead I got
this how many phases are there oh my God
we it's fine we've done nothing oh we
haven't got the genie thing
I'll go get that after this no no no
we're not being Luigi I'll get that
after this we're not being Luigi it's
fine I'll get it after this it's not
being Luigi Daniel it's a legit
stat I'm dead I can get you I why did
you do that exit to the map we might we
might need a different Loadout crack
shot straight shot with good damage
breaks into weaker aim
projectiles just only have limited Money
Man what is this is this working I don't
know I'm dead I I've done something I
used my body to kill
him so you got it so next one hey you
got to kill oh my God what the fu do I
do I don't know what even hurts you here
the red he's just dancing she just a
little F oh Daniel come on Focus up I'm
I it's really distractive there's so
much [__] on the screen she's dead I got
her you've killed
her now big boy there's an elant MR
snail oh he's an ante eater he's oh he's
going to eat me
no watch out oh my God that was close he
just spat up like three people okay now
we've got his bombs let not blow them up
until he's near them yeah now you
can I I did it it's really hard to line
them up there there we go okay so yeah
you can use the bomb that's what you're
supposed to
do for f sake the
schn a little bit of extra damage on the
snail right in the Scher the
snower the sniffer what are you doing
get him in the sniffy get him in the
schniff got him we don't don't let him e
get him with a sun don't smell get that
old ball ahead
no get razzled by his tongue Daniel he's
so close searching for
you yeah you saved it for the right time
on get him get him get him right in
theer oh no I like the way this guy is
too mad
we got
him oh
Jesus no no please tell me that doesn't
no
no no [__] you
game oh what the hell you fell for it
why it said it was a knockout yeah but
it it Li I didn't beat the
snail oh God damn it we got to do it
again never had a game Li to you like
that before you were at the end oh I'm
so
upset damn it all right I can C you got
to go quick I got got by
her I got you I got got there steart
stay alive Sammy boy I 23
no and no you can stop B
I want his mother B I want his family B
I want his dog your family is banned
from this twitch chat like they're
they're not allowed back oh he's you
nearly got
him you nearly have him please I can't
take the B and balls no it's a f
out there he is Mr
snail get
him yoube you congratulations aoo did I
scare you nothing I love more than a
ghost story around the campire oh I'd
heard word of a ghostly gal roughing up
no good vs around here feels like every
word sentence gets longer I'd sure love
to tell the tale of slow the villainous
veggies Vanquish Esther Winchester in
High Noon Hoopa I'm sure this will be
easy oh this is a plain one oh these
in a while just be careful what is it
again just press an old y to shrink down
oh my god oh Jesus oh I'm dead you're
nearly dead me I'm going to spin around
as soon as we get out of this don't get
myy back God Almighty there's just a lot
happening here going to be that's a long
level too oh I got hit
you oh I got hit okay all right let you
got to you got to back the plane
up the bullets you're not trying to I
got hit again it's that was a fraction
of a second
how that wasn't even one okay we stay in
a how
how you just like crash land the plane
to
start let's see if sh can survive over
the first second of game play okay one
two jeez three he didn't make it a three
no he didn't make it it didn't make it
okay 5 Seconds 5 Seconds five ready
Second Challenge any% one
two three he didn't make it what did I
get hit by you didn't make it okay 5
Seconds one two three he's already been
hurt that was you no that was you that
was you 100% that was you I felt my by
controller vibrate that means you got
hurt one two you got hurt can you
survive what have I become I'm trying my
best as pathetic as that may be I
am I'm going to have a self-esteem
issues after this get me I'm trying stop
making a YouTu save me save me they will
have remastered and re-released the game
before they finish mods actually ban
that person get him get him gone how are
you already three down shut up shut the
you just shut the YouTube and hold
YouTube X
okay holy [__] I don't want to play
cupet anymore there's one
more oh my god oh what the yoube is
happening can you go through oh my God I
got a daisy CH around the hot dogs oh
holy [__] it's like a completely new
setup I'm never eating sausages
again it doesn't do anything oh wait no
oh you're going to play as this chalice
okay this chalice is here there we go
she just immediately dies like the boss
just just quietly accepts her
fate
down I really I really tried to get
[Music]
you why that steak reach so
high oh for the love of God it's up
[Music]
you God damn it we still haven't even
got to the last stage which probably
going to be the hardest bit you want to
take a break from her one more try one
more try and then we just we move on
with our lives God damn it save me save
me no I can't it's all up to you it's
the last one we're not doing this
[Music]
again I just
say
TD the beans damn it it was the steak
that got me I did tdge the
[Music]
beans yeah we need we need a break we
need a break I I can I my heart is
racing this taking years off my life we
we need to go somewhere else my shoulder
actually hurts a bad
feeling oh
God hey wait what are we doing the geese
King what the YouTube do we do I just
duck oh okay there there's spikes on the
bottom oh we got
him all right watch out for when they
pass the ball I can't get you he just he
only passes the ball so you kind of know
the motion okay I'm just panicking a
bit I think he's almost there there we
go okay last stage we're about to learn
what what he what does he
do eight oh good
lord no I accidentally dodged I almost
had it oh look at that that's basically
it that's a 99% completion this one we
have and I'm done forever no we can't
leave it there we have to at least get
halfway we have to see one more boss
this is halfway this is halfway halfway
to my grave we've only beaten like the
devil and one boss in cartoons they
always oh unless you're actually in his
stomach that that would you're in his
stomach that makes more sense there we
go it's done wait wait D hold that no
there's no fake out there's no fake
out it was a once off they're not going
to do that again Genie no stop wait
let's do the plane level Luigi this man
I'm YouTube like Luigi in this YouTube
immediately Luigi is ass oh my God we
might actually only get it cuz of
Luigi get him 11 health
good save
you it just keeps
going end the
sequence let us live damn it let us
live get
Luigi you Luigi you sausage piece of
[__] you beef
sausages oh my God Jesus you ch Christ
take a little nap yeah that sounds good
let's have a peaceful Slumber in the
graveyard what is
this this sleep no what the you is this
oh my
[Music]
god oh it's just survive it's this is
the only stage where you look oh [__] I
think it is is it if we we both have to
kind of look the one way no stop
turning you stop turning
save me save me I'm trying to save me
what's that YouTube what was that shut
up the last this just no you're not
hungry starving you're not hungry no
you're not look this
way save
me I can't save you because if I turn
around I the map that's exent map let's
see what's going on how aces in dog on
dog fight oh another L level y wait oh
no this is a bit
different what Dodge the
bone [__] we have so little to stand on
eat the Man Dan he gets fed when the
job's done the [__] do we do I'm just
going Invincible I I need to learn the
mechanic I
have that's a real
shame hey get it quick watch
out oh my God watch out for the
lasers no stay on this plane I do what I
want hey watch for the lasers they
got whoa what what do I do shoot
her I can't move you couldn't move up or
down I couldn't move okay the controls
are still left and right even
here oh my I'm down God there's no way
you're saving this this is horrible this
is horrible
what there a second one
that's
no don't even think now it's personal
Jesus Christ I can do it no we can we
where's the
genie no don't I really think we can get
it you use your
invisibility wait what what what did he
just do I don't know I have no
idea
yes jeez there's only one level there
left you know we got we we might as well
get it done before we get a to get food
oh man I'm too hungry there's only one
left we got we got to at least poke our
head in the door and see what it is
there's there's just one left we're so
close we're so close more more freeze
and snow cult scuffle we'll get it first
try yeah and you know my first try maybe
10 tries he's so weird he is a
fridge my
Dash I'm going to use that real
quick I
you oh God
what's
happening what's
happening don't
die
it what I didn't we almost got
him we almost wait wait wait why did you
quit well we all in 2025 folks we'll be
back in 2 years God YouTube damn
[Music]
it
as a
team
adventuring